The objective of the course is to bridge the gap between human and computer
understanding. We will do this by using C++.

Using namespace std to reference the cout and cin functions are not the most
ideal way, as there are TONS of functions that get called by executing the
namepace std; command. It is better to individually call std::cout and
std::cin, as it will give you more clarity as to what kind of functions you
intend to use.

Variables of Datatypes:
-----------------------
	Number systems: Binary, Decimal, Hexadecimal

	"int a"
	When one instantiates an int in a C++ program, A piece of main memory is
	assigned to the variable name 'a'. The entire main memory is diveded
	equally (into byte sizes -> 8 bits) into many parts. Conventionally an
	integer like "a" would take up about 4 of those memory allocations (each of
	size 1 byte). "int" is the datatype -> it prescribes the size/shape of the
	variable, whereas the variable can be thought of a "box to store
	something". NOTE: you can use the ampersand (&) to locate the memory
	allocation of any given variable. E.g.

		int a;
		cout << &a << endl;
		
	"double f"
	Floating point value. This will take up more memory, as it is a floating 
	point value (it has	multiple digits after the units place. In many cases
	of division, answers are wrongly represented as int. E.g.

		int a, b, c;
		a = 7
		b = 8
		c = 10
		cout << (a + b + c) / 3 << endl;

	This provides 8, although that is not the answer. This is because the
	program understands that the answer must be integer as all the variables
	in the equation are integers. We must change the 3 to 3.0 and that will
	give the correct value of 8.33333.

Some Bash Commands:
-------------------
	"echo" returns a value into the bash. You can pair this with a program
	a.out file that uses the cin function. If a program in C++ asks for any
	arbitrary integer, you can do the following:

		echo "7" | ./a.out 
		
	The "|" means "into". Hence, the value 7 is provided to the program,
	which then does something with the input it is provided. 
		
Boolean Expressions and If-Else Statements:
------------------------------------------

	&& --> and; || --> or; ! --> negation
	These are all used for boolean logic statements. A common use for these
	three is found in if-else statements. They are used to specify certain
	cases. Eg. If color is not red OR blue, say it is green. If Mike is not
	available on Monday AND Tuesday, then cancel the appointment. 

	In the case of while loops, something is required the make the principal
	argument (the thing inside the brackets after the while statement) false.
	If nothing of the sort is provided, the loop will continue forever. 

Functions
---------

	Functions require the co-domain and the domain stated explicitly. For
	example, the function double my_func(double x), indicates (explicitly)
	that the co-domain, the set of possible outputs is the set of all doubles.
	The domain is also explicitly stated to be within the set of doubles. The
	range of a function is not equal to the co-domain. The range is the set of
	values that is ACTUALLY achieved, but the co-domain is a general
	declaration of what the range will fall under. 

	We can consider the output and input of a function to be sets A and B
	respectively. There can be an n^m amount of functions that can
	provide the output set B from the input set A (given the size of A is 
	'n' and the size of B is 'm'. If A is the set that looks like the following:

	A = {a1, a2, ..., am} and B is the output {b1, b2, ..., bn} then any
	function is defined by the list f(a1), f(a2, ..., f(am). 
	
Vectors
-------

	To solve the problem of having too many variables a function input, one
	can easily employ the use of vectors. These can hold multiple values and
	can be expanded to hold even more memory. As the program runs, you can
	attach new variables to the end of it. 

	"An array is a stupid version of a vector". When you declare an array you
	know exactly how much memory it will take. You cannot attach new spots to
	an array. "There's almost never a need to use arrays over vectors".
	Vectors are only limited when one runs out of system memory. 

	All the pieces of a vector are meant to be of the same datatype. Hence,
	when declaring a vector one must explicitly say something like:

		vector<int> v; (note that just called vector would not work since a
						datatype is supposed to be specified)
	
	Nesting vectors has the potential of making multi-dimensional data
	structures, such as the likes of matrices (rows AND columns of data). 
	
	Adding values to a vector is done using the push_back() function of class
	vector. pop_back() removes the last element. There are also certain
	attributes and functions of class vector like size(), capacity(),
	insert(), erase(), etc. (See documentation of vectors for more...). 

Notes on gol.cpp
----------------

	Important: try to create two grids, one for the current world and one for
	the next. Why is this smart? Imagine you make a change for an n * n grid.
	Once one cell is changed, the decision for the next cell to change will be
	affected by the change in the decision earlier. Hence, try to look one
	matrix (vector of vectors) and then based on its state, create a new
	matrix. Hence this will simultaneously update.

	The current contents of the skeleton are simply the equivalent of argument
	parsing in Python. It takes user inputs from the command line and runs the
	program based on those requests.
	
Sorting
-------

	Consider an array of size n: 10 2 3 45 5 9 11
	
	We understand that sorting this from smallest to greatest can be done by
	built in methods. However, manually doing this will require the use of
	nested for loops. First, we put a pointer at the first element of the
	to-be-sorted array, and run a for loop across the elements, STARTING from
	the pointer. We then find the minimum of all the elements, and swap the
	number with the pointer. Eg. The first step in the above array would
	return this: 2 10 3 45 5 9 11.

	We now (using iteration from the higher for loop) (the nested for loop
	iterates from pointer, to the end of the element), move the pointer one
	element to the right, and continue the process until the pointer is at the
	second-last element. There is no use of scanning the array/vector if the
	pointer is at the last element (we know that this is the greatest element
	by process of sorting). 

Constant Variables
------------------

	The const declaration is like a contract to the compiler that the variable
	that is assigned the const declaration wil not be changed in value. If
	this contract is broken, then the compiler will stop its processes. 

Typecasting
-----------

	In python, it is possible to cast an int as a floating point number.
	Likewise, in C++ it is also possible to do the same, but with different
	type of syntax. 

	Consider the data type char, which revolves around the ASCII values (in
	alphanumerical representations) of some characters (like digits, upper
	case and lower case letters, symbols etc.). In this case, if we were to
	find the first char, which is definitely not a digit or letter, we may do 
		(char)1; 

	Note that this is a bit different from python, where one would have to do
	something like
		int a = 100
		float(a)
			>> 100.0

	- Example: 
		
		We want to remove all lower case letters. We would do this using this
		code:

		string removeLower(const string& s) {
			string s = "AbRa1CadBra";
			string r;
			for(size_t i = 0; i < s.length(); i++) {
				if(s[i] < 'a' || s[i] > 'z') {
					r += s[i]
				}
			}
		}
		return r;

		The string r is the return string, while s is the string that needs to
		be modified. We run a loop through all the member of the string (which
		is essentially an array of characters one after another). By analyzing
		each element (which, again, is bound to be a char), we can judge by
		comparision (as each char has a hidden ASCII value), whether its
		magnitude is less than that of the value of 'a' or greater than the
		value of 'z'. If the case is true, then we append that char to the
		return string. This is possible to do because string r, like any other
		string is also like an array (hence appending and adding is possible). 




	

	



